hey this is Doug Doug where we solve
problems that no one has and this is the
story of the time I tried to get rid of
twitch chat and just like get them out
of here and they wouldn't
[Music]
leave it all started when I was doing
this cooking simulator stream where the
joke was that only 8,000 people could
watch the stream and if there was more
than 8,000 then I couldn't play the game
at all and of course way more than 8,000
people showed up and I got no gameplay
done I completely failed the challenge
and it was a funny haha thing and that
is all well and good but then the
challenge was over and I had like 12 to
13,000 people just sitting there in
twitch chat and a bunch of like donation
messages backed up so I felt awkward
just ending the stream right then and so
instead I decided on something really
stupid don't just Spam penis come on so
I updated my code to flip it around and
now the way it works is that if my
viewership ever goes below 10,000 then
it triggers this alarm thing and my
stream automatically ends after 10
seconds now I'm sure you can start to
see where this is going to go and I
don't why this came as a surprise to me
but twitch chat just refused to leave
like nobody was leaving the stream even
though nothing is happening at all I'm
just sitting there and it's not like
there's some cool goal that I said oh if
you guys like stick around and you know
10,000 of you guys stay here something
cool happens no there's nothing I'm just
waiting I've been reading a book about
Osama bin Laden spoiler alert he dies
This was meant to be like a 2hour stream
for the cooking simulator thing I had
work I had plans with friends that night
I did not want to just sit here waiting
for people to leave and it was
increasingly becoming obvious like okay
I I'm going to have to do something
drastic nobody is leaving but then I had
a brilliant idea I could just leave I
don't actually have to sit on my
computer and reply to Twitch chat and
obviously me being there and being
visibly annoyed is going to make them
more excited to stay there and so I just
left hope you guys have a wonderful
stream together I'm going to go do work
I'll see you in a couple hours hopefully
not give us ey voices or something
before you
[Music]
leave and there's actually a good chance
that this works I think it's funny for
like 10 15 minutes to just sit around in
a stream where nothing is happening at
all and be like haha we're going to keep
the stream alive but after like an hour
or two eventually it gets boring right
eventually enough people are going to be
like okay I'm going to go like live my
life I'm going to eat food or like play
a video game or do literally anything
other than sit here and just stare at a
silent
stream hey chat I lost my phone has
anyone seen
it
no at last we are finally rid of that
side character he was getting too much
screen time in recent episodes anyway
true I'm so so glad I'm here for this I
had this running in the background with
no sound and now I'm very confused about
what's going
on people need to stop
leaving The Bard man is gone chair stre
all PR chair and I just went to the gym
for like 2 hours and left the stream on
and slowly the viewership started to
drop since he's left we've lost 1,900
viewers stay strong chat guys we are at
11k please hold the line LOL the viewers
desperately Tred to hold the line when
it dropped from 13,000 down to 12 they
screamed and complained when it dropped
from 12 down to 11 they freaked out and
it was getting closer and closer to
10,000 and the stream ending I've done
all I could someone Hold My Line stop
leaving the line is falling chat you
we're losing soldiers no yes our numbers
made Windle but we will fight at 11,000
we will fight at
10,500 we will fight at 10,000 And1 we
will fight hold strong Chatters Hold the
Line we will fight oh hold the ly and
then after 30 minutes of complete
silence music started to
play and unfortunately not my music and
I actually got a text message from my
friend who got pinged by the Discord
moderators who were desperately trying
to get a hold of me to let me know that
there is some guy who's playing music
into the stream well it turns out at the
beginning of the stream I had opened a
meme twitch Channel called Doug Doug
overflow as part of the cooking
simulator thing and I forgot about that
and it was just sitting in the
background when I left and went to the
gym and the guy who was running that
channel who I don't know by the way I
still don't know who this was realized
that his stream was in the background of
my stream and that if he played music on
his stream it would just go into my
stream I'm so proud of overflow coffee I
was 30 minutes away from my house I am
not anywhere near my computer I cannot
stop this and unfortunately this music
that the stranger serenad and burst into
the stream deeply motivated the troops
and the fer ship started to go back up
reun talk to people all we ask is you
get as many folks as possible to
contribute Hold the Line everyone stay
when Doug comes back he'll be all sweaty
but we only get to see if we stay so
while all of this is happening I went
and worked out and I had a great workout
it was fantastic and then I came home
and I showered ate a little bit of food
and then I was working on my laptop in
another room all while realizing that
twitch chat was becoming like
fanatically obsessed with holding this
10,000 viewer line hold the line chat
they can take our bitrate they can take
our streamer but they can never take our
stream Doug cannot stop us in any way
that matters we are [__] Invincible
stand in the ashes of a billion dead
streams and ask their Chatters if
matters and so I did what any good
streamer would do in this situation I
decided to torture them give yourself a
pat on the back you have beaten level
two level one was me hanging out and
talking to you guys level two was no
Doug and you got to have text to speech
and music next up is level three and
this will be no audio and no chair if
you can survive level three I will
reveal what level four is if you can
survive level four I will reveal what
level five is and if you can survive
level five then you will get to watch me
play one game of fortnite chat we have
been given a goal a light at the end of
the tunnel we shall cross the darkness
and emerge Victorious as children not
have dug the thing about that your
textas speech messages will not talk you
cannot give yourself speeches of
encouragement you cannot rile people up
to hold the line you're just going to
have to talk in text Hold the Line do it
for chair I will be taking away your
precious chair thus taking the only
piece of audio and visual that you truly
care
about text to speech messages are now
muted and then I
left well it turns out if you remove
chair from twitch chat they will just
find a new thing to obsess and rally
around which turned out to be Michael
phone unfortunately by leaving my
microphone visible on frame this was a
key point of moral support for the
troops cuz it was just literally the
only thing happening Michael phone M
Mike is always with us Chad don't worry
Mike Mike all H Mike dino dance Mike
dino dance Mike is our new God chat let
us is so after 30 minutes of this I
returned to the stream feeling like some
kind of guantan bay torturer who like
tortures his prisoners except I'm trying
to get the prisoners to leave I the door
is wide open I am torturing them so they
will leave Guantanamo Bay which meant
that it is time to activate Stage 4 The
Thinking here is that if complete
silence won't make anybody leave maybe
the shittiest possible audio would make
them leave so I opened up a video of
metal pipes
falling plus a base boosted fart plus
jackhammering plus thousands of bees and
then I opened up my own stream on five
different tabs that all of the audio
would Loop in on itself and then for
good measure I turned the bit rate on my
stream down as low as possible so it
would look like utter dark [__] and then
I left good luck
Chad good luck
chat is it just me or has Doug's content
gotten way better all of a sudden chat
we have invested far too much time to
give up now ho the [__] blind
guys the bits over this
sucks open Doug Doug stream no I saw
Doug Doug stream I love Doug Doug stream
idea right now
oh I can't tell if in part of hearing
heing he hey if he's still live by the
time I'm done stream I'm raiding him I
don't know what to tell the guy
unfortunately 30 minutes of what I think
is genuinely the most unwatchable
horrific content ever streamed onto
twitch caused my viewership to jump to
over 13,000 which meant it was now time
for stage
five you've proven your ability to
endure any kind of [__] that happens
on stream but what if chat there is no
stream I have updated my code so it will
check the viewers even when the is
offline so that's going to be it if you
can survive 27 more minutes then you
will be rewarded with one game of
fortnite but otherwise we are done thank
you for watching Everybody bye chat see
you
tomorrow now this is what it looks like
on twitch.tv when my stream is offline
but my stream is not offline this is a
picture you see Barry and I photoshopped
a picture of what my stream looks like
when it's online to try to trick people
into thinking it was offline so that
they would leave but it didn't work in
fact this didn't work so hard that my
viewership went up again and over 13,000
people sat here for 30 minutes watching
a picture this was great timing because
twitch had just started promoting
twitchcon on the mobile app and my face
was like one of two people that you see
when you open the app and then if you go
to my channel it's 13,000 people
watching
a and this is the point at which I
finally admitted defeat twitch chat had
held a 10,000 viewer line which is a ton
of people as a reminder for 5 hours
despite every torture technique that I
could think to throw at them and I'll
admit it you know what they [__]
earned it this was excruciating for
everybody involved and they earned that
one game of fortnite which I never play
by the way we did it time to leave PA
ain't no du dug telling me what to do
www
wwww fortnite is ready chat stay strong
you're acting as though this is the
hardest level that watching me play a
video game is actually worse than all of
the looping audio
it's okay we're dropping
boys it's so laggy this isn't going to
go well what is that Magneto
power what the [__] okay
sure they're fighting we're going I want
to play
fortnite
fortnite fortnite fortnite fortnite I'm
charging him I want to play fortnite
Let's
[Music]
Play and now with my promise of a
fortnite game complete it was time for
me to actually end the stream because
this had been going on for like 6 hours
and I had work to do and I had plans
with my friends I need my computer back
and I had thought of one final thing
that is pretty much a Surefire way to
end this I would use a twitch
raid a twitch raid is where you send all
of your viewers to another twitch
Channel you're supposed to do this when
you end your stream but technically you
can do this whenever and you can just
like force everybody to go to another
Channel unless they manually opt out and
say they don't want to do the raid I
will raid fortnite cuz I know how much
you all love fortnite now here's the
thing if all the people here are
Europeans who are asleep or it's a bunch
of you opening the stream on different
tabs then you're going to get booted out
which means if you drop another 2,000
you can survive the raid I'm running my
code I'm sending the raid it says 13
says 16,000 viewers that can't be
correct this can't be correct there's no
way there's 16, we didn't gain 3,000
people okay we just dropped to 12,000 oh
we're rating again okay we have 3,000
people going to fortnite I'm going to
I'm going to send them over it just
needs to get below 10,000 for an instant
that's all it 11,000 wait we're dropping
I send people to fortnite again get out
of here you can't kill a stug chat hold
the line hold on I think I need to raid
somebody's live wait wait wait Doug dug
overflows live the very channel that
supported me all day long that
entertained the viewers while they held
the line will now be their undoing [__]
you Doug raid we survived your raid then
you're cheating extra raids we win admit
it we are 300 off the fact that you've
had to raid 10 times shows our
resilience the line chat how do I get
rid of
450 200
10,200 you have dropped below 10,000
viewers ending the stream in 10 seconds
chat it's been an honor truly according
to Twitch I got down to just 12 viewers
which means it must have forced every
single person over to Doug dug overflow
even if they manually opted out and
thousands of people started flooding
back to my stream but it didn't matter
in that instant of having 12 viewers my
code triggered and the ending sequence
activated and that ladies and gentlemen
is the story of how I got rid of my
viewers the next day we posted the full
stream footage onto the Doug Doug Doug
second YouTube channel but there was a
bit of a Twist because I promised to
delete all of the footage once the video
got 1 million views twitch chat had
worked so hard to keep the stream alive
and now they would have to do the exact
opposite to keep the YouTube video alive
most people refus to watch the video it
performed horribly and it took almost 4
months to finally hit 1 million views at
which point it was taken out back and
shot which means it only lives on in our
hearts and our memories other than the
couple Clips you've watched in this
video and while the line might have been
broken while the footage might be gone
every twitch chatter who was there will
look back and remember they'll remember
the greatest twitch stream of all time
[Music]
no